I’m 27 years old and my life feels like a waste of time. I have no purpose or
motivation. I’ve not been diagnosed with depression or anxiety but I do think I
might have a mild case of the two, I don’t know. I’m a law graduate but I didn’t
get impressive grades and now I work in retail. The legal field is incredibly
competitive and I gave up. I feel empty more often than not. I don’t really have
friends and ever been in a relationship. My social life is non existent. I’m
currently studying part time learning to code. I think it is interesting but I
keep finding myself drifting and wondering what is the point? I’m always trying
to learn things (guitar, languages etc) but never truly stick it out. My life is
terribly boring and I don’t have the energy to feel positive or engage with
people. Everything feels pointless. I don’t know what to do. I can live my life
in a way that doesn't seem to be falling apart. I pay my rent on time, I keep up
with my friends on social media and occasionally see them in person, I'm
meticulous about hygiene and appearance when I know I will be socializing. But
what people don't see is when I've been in bed for four days straight. When
garbage and dirty clothes cover every inch of my bedroom. When the person I see
the most is my laptop. I can compartmentalize the parts of me that are truly
falling apart while keeping people from being alarmed. But occasionally I pull
back the wool from my own eyes. I see how severely anhedonia has affected my
functionality. I see how these actions are a precursor to suicide. I start to
panic for a bit and wonder how my life spiraled so far down this hole. And than,
I go back to compartmentalizing. This sounds a little self aggrandizing, but
I’ve come to a realization: People want everyone to pretend that everything is
okay. They resent those who don’t. And that is why society is so slow to
progress. Every situation I’ve been in, when I was naive and had faith in
whatever was around me, I was liked. But usually...you realize that things are
not so great. That a lot of messed up stuff is happening behind the scenes,
ranging from big to small. I understand that obviously people who are critical
are annoying, people who constantly point out mistakes. But personally...I’ve
never really disliked naysayers when it’s important. It never got on my nerves
and I guess I was one. I’ve only recently realized how much other people are
annoying by this, lol. People are always talking about how they hate “negative”
people and it’s so fucked up to me because life is not always positive. we are
supposed to put on a smile and pretend everything is okay. I don’t really
understand why full grown adults want us to do this when they are completely
aware that everything is indeed not okay. Depression is, more or less, how
people act when they realize that not all is good. The vibe you give off is that
you are not OK with current circumstances. And that REPELS people. They want to
shove it under the rug. They abhor it for reasons I don’t understand. In a
society like mine, where grades are the make or break point of your life, I feel
like the epitome of failure. I was never a smart kid, at best I was hardworking.
When I was 12, I did shit on a national exam and got shoved into a less than
mediocre school. I worked my ass off and through the years, acquired top ranks
in my level. I think in that short span of a few years, I was at the peak of my
happiness. My parents were proud, I understood things, everyday wasn't a hassle
to go through. But come next national exam, I fell so hard and came out with an
incredibly average score. I got sorted into an incredibly average high school
and I don't think my life ever saw an upside from there. My friends who used to
ask me for help with their studies, mocked me for entering an average school
while they soared into reputable High schools and it broke my confidence even
more. I don't think I was ever arrogant and I helped people where I could... But
somehow everyone thought it was a joke that the school's top student wasn't so
great after all. Im now in college and bc of various reasons, I'm studying a
course that I have minimal interest in, although I'm not sure if that's
relevant. I'm less than average in all my test scores and I used to blame it on
poor time management. Then I blamed it on lack of passion. And I swore to
people, that if I could do what I like, Id be better at school. But along the
way, I realised that I'm just incompetent. I have interest in 3 of the classes
I'm taking this academic year, but I recorded the worst possible marks for my
recent midterms across all my semesters in college. At this point, I'm just
skeptical about everything. I don't believe I'm set out for anything in this
world other than being a stepping stone for other people's success. I think a
bulk of my depression stems from the fact that I won't amount to anything. I
used to dream about being able to help the world someway or another, but now I
know I'm just a waste of resources. My friends think my redeeming feature is my
personality but a good personality isn't going to land me a future. I make my
friends laugh and give them moral support and listen to them when theyre down,
but can't for the life of me even find a single thing in me that's worth staying
alive for. I was once scared of being an average, mediocre person, but at this
point, Im scared of falling even further below average than I already am. It
truly hurts to have tried so hard and to constantly find out that you're really
not good enough. Of course I know I have it better than others. I'm not
clinically diagnosed bc I'm pretty sure I have what's called "fake depression",
my situation is not as serious as others, plus the stigma against the depressed
will just be another reason as to why I can't achieve anything in this world. I
tried talking to friends and family about it, but my parents keep brushing it
off, telling me I "haven't seen anything yet" and I "don't know what real
depression is like yet (my mum was clinically diagnosed at one point)" and my
friends tell me to keep things to myself because I "constantly bring the mood
down" with my insecurities and fears. I've reached the pinnacle of nonsense I
can take from this life, and if I really wasn't afraid of pain, I'd just end it
all now. I often think how nice it'd be for a car to run me down because I'd be
too scared to pull that trigger on myself, and I keep thinking how nice it'd be
if I died before 30. There's a guy I like who's smart and kind, but I'm
depressed and gross and tbh, no one wants a good for nothing like me. My parents
can't be proud of me and while I do have friends, I'm sure I'm just as
dispensible and replaceable. There's nothing left in my life and there's nothing
to work for. My constant encounter with failure scares me from trying new things
and I am scared of challenges bc I know they never turn out well. People always
tell me to prove others wrong, but the thing is, everyone is right about me -
I'm just a failure. I want to eternal peace, I'm sure no one will miss me too
much, I only wish I didn't have to worry about surviving those attempts. I know
my reasons for depression is as shallow as it gets, but my whole life has been
marked by grades and numbers. My self worth is already in the negatives, so
there's no point in sticking around. I just wish life didn't have to be so
bleak... I wish all the time I wasn't so sad inside. Thanks for reading up to
this point if you have, the fact that I can just leave this out in the open
helps me feel a bit of relief even if nothing changes. Some history of the
relationship. We had known of each other for several years though aside from
being acquaintances we’d not really interacted. We started hanging out after
just chatting one night down the pub the over the course of about half a year we
got closer. She came across as a confident, bubbly, fun outgoing girl who was
stunningly naturally beautiful. We shared things in common and got on really
well. About a few months after we had got together she admitted she loved me.
This took me a bit by surprise as it was so sudden, however I was honest with
her about my feelings and wanted to see how things went. I eventually grew
feelings towards her and told her so. She’d been overly open about her past,
about the neglect, abuse and trauma she faced, especially during her childhood,
problems with past relationships, how she often struggled in jobs and how people
would take a disliking to her and treat her poorly. It was about 2 months into
the relationship after the honeymoon period that I started to notice problems. I
took her to the doctors around this time who informed me she had Borderline
Personality Disorder (I wasn’t aware at the time she’d been known by the mental
health services for several years prior) I’d continue to go to the doctors with
her, the therapists and even to hospital when she had threaten to take her life.
They put her on some medication that seemed to make everything worse. She’d have
violent episodes which resulted in her screaming, shouting and smashing around
my house, destroying her own clothes or belongings, attempting or at times
succeeding to self harm, as well as disappearing off into the night and
threatening suicide. There was at least one occasion I had to call the police to
help. Distressingly whenever this happened she would rarely show empathy or
remorse for her actions. Over the relationship there were of course lots of
amazing times, but there were also a lot of horrific times. I often felt that
nothing I did was right or good enough, forever walking on eggshells and putting
out fires. That’s not say I was a saint, I was very reluctant at times to show
commitment, I’d get very snappy or angry with her, I could be lazy and not want
to do much with her, often sitting on my computer while she watched TV. I’d
become utterly emotionally and mentally exhausted which resulted in me
attempting to create distance that always caused more problems or being even
more frustrated with her. Regardless of all the things I mentioned that may
sound like huge negatives and red flags, when she was in a good place she was
the most caring, loving and amazing girl I’d ever known, but like an idiot I
never made her feel special or do much with her. She loved me unconditionally
and just wanted to be with me. After nearly a year and a half of this on/off
behavior she seemed to calm down having come of the medication, though the
arguments didn’t stop. I found myself becoming complacent and not really making
an effort in the relationship which seemed to leave her feeling unloved and
unwanted resulting in her seeming to be depressed. She had been signed off work
and we spent most of the summer not really doing anything...

About 2 weeks before she took her life I’d been offered a life time job
opportunity doing something I loved for a huge company. I’d been pursuing this
career long before I’d started going out with her. It was a 6 month contract
that would mean I’d be away during the weekdays (as it was 200 miles away) but
back during the weekends. She was proud of me but ultimately scared about me
leaving. She wasn’t having the best of time at home as her mother could be
aggressive and controlling and her step father would throw out verbal abuse. Her
sister (who didn’t live at home) hadn’t wanted to speak to her for the best part
of a year and while she loved her dad they both failed to efficiently
communicate. She didn’t want me to approach the family about this. I tried to
reassure her that we could still go on, that she could stay at mine while I was
away, at my parents, friends, or even come and stay with me. She was rather
reluctant to all the suggestions as I wouldn’t be with her. Over the two weeks
while I was getting things ready to move I did notice her decline, I tried to
continue to reassure her but we still had our arguments and falling out. She
didn’t ever want to talk about me moving away or the job itself. I’d noticed a
few things, she had expressed how she was getting things in order at home and
had changed her Facebook profile picture to a black square. I had shown concern
about this however she was dismissive about it. She also watched a show which
depicted suicide, during one scene I stopped the show and with tears pouring
down my face begged her not to do this and that we had a future, she assured me
she wouldn’t and I believed her... On the night which was the night before I was
to leave later the following day for this job she seemed somewhat down but got
better over the course of the evening. We had a few hiccups but nothing major
compared to usual. After the pub we went to a party, there was someone who had
supposedly spoken to her poorly and I asked them to leave her alone, she then
got funny with me for confronting this person and in a moment of frustration
said how I was tired of fighting for people. Later in the night I said I was
going to the toilet and would be right back. On the way back I got side tracked
talking to a friend, she then came over to me and started questioning why I
hadn’t come straight back to her. As she’d often get this way and I didn’t want
to argue on this night of all nights I told her to leave me alone. She took this
as leave. About 10 minutes later I noticed she had left the party, I got in
contact via text and there was a bit of back and forth, with her being off with
me. I found her waiting for a taxi and she continued to go on at me but I
refused to get involved, trying to change the subject. When we got back to mine
she continued to go on and I continued to be dismissive. I recall her saying
“This is serious” and I just shrugged it off as thought it was still about me
not coming straight back from the toilet. I was just trying to cook us some food
but she grabbed her things and said “Good luck with the job, I don’t know when
I’ll next see you” and left. Not long after I messaged her saying how she had
been manipulative threating to leave me when all I was doing was trying to cook
us some food. Her responses were hostile, saying how she was leaving me and that
I didn’t care anymore. These were fairly usual messages I had got from her in
the past so I didn’t take much note of them at the time, though it had been a
while since she last sent something similar. She kept sending messages about how
I didn’t care, how others didn’t care, that I won’t fight for her and she won’t
bother people anymore. I responded saying how I wasn’t going to keep fighting
for someone or responding to someone who was abusing me. She then sent me a
message saying “Goodbye”. I tried to call her but her phone was off. I sent her
another message saying how I wish we had spent the night together and didn’t
want or asked her to leave. The following day the police came over to inform me
she had hung herself... I am fully aware she had Borderline Personality Disorder
and wasn’t well but I still can’t shake that I could’ve prevented this had I
just stopped and spoken to her or had been more caring in my messages, reminding
her that I did care and loved her instead of having to “make a point” because I
was stupid, drunk and tired. I knew she had a condition and that I shouldn’t
react that way. I knew she was in a bad place yet I still reacted poorly. She
snapped because of what I said because she thought it was over and I should’ve
been kinder and more understanding on the night... I wanted to go on, I wanted
our relationship to continue, I thought things were going to get better as the
space created would’ve given me a change to recharge, we could’ve spent quality
time together on the weekend and I could’ve used some money to get her some real
help. I hate myself so much because I feel I took her for granted during the
relationship, just coasting not making much effort and left her feeling unloved
and unwanted... I never really told her how special she was to me or that I
wanted a future. Now I can’t shake this endless guilt and shame and know that I
will never meet anyone as loving, caring and beautiful as her. My life is in
tatters, the job I always wanted I get no joy from, I hate all my passions I
used to love, I spend 5 days a week in the middle of no where, I have great
friends and family but they can’t help me get past this and therapy doesn’t seem
to do anything. I can’t even bring myself to quit the job because if I do her
death was for nothing and I’ll just be back at my house, alone without her
knowing I lost her because of a job and because I am a stupid idiot who didn’t
give her reassurance she needed. Atop of all of this the mother blamed me,
didn’t allow me to attend the funeral, sent me abuse and threats and even
attempted to demonize me around the town I live in. for me it’s like I haven’t
opened up with anyone in real life so can’t really talk about anything.. and on
top of that they are all busy with their own life and stuff so even if I try to
call them and stuff... that fact that they don’t understand me makes me feel not
to call them at all... and from there I tried to find someone to talk with and
check on each other but after so long as well I have come to understand that
it’s just in my head that’s gonna help me.. coz like everyone has their own life
to live and for some reason even if you get to talk with someone like voice chat
and stuff... you rarely get second chance to talk with them.. I know what I am
looking for is nearly next to impossible but why can’t I convince my self that..
and I always feel this crave to be on company with someone or just to vent when
i feel depressed... Does anyone else feels the same way or is my depression too
severe.. I know people say life goes on and stuff. And focus on positive things
that you have and focus on your self but tbh I can’t really make myself do those
kinds of things.. Clean the bathroom. Clean your room. Feed the cats. Brush the
floors. Try to mend what needs mending. Smile at your mum. Thank her. Tell her
the food is delicious. Sing loudly in the shower. Laugh at her jokes. Listen to
your sister. Listen without judgement. Listen like you’re her best friend. Let
yourself be the punching bag from time to time. She’s going through a tough
year. Don’t fight her condolences or her pity. Buy her flowers sometimes. She
loves those. Call your dad sometimes. Ask about your grandparents. Cherish Milo
while he's still a kitten. Cherish how he cuddles with the foster kittens at
night. Take lots of pictures. Look back at them. Compliment people. Message back
the new girl you met today. Ask her about why she’s not close with her siblings.
Ask her what kind of music she likes. Ask her if she’s alright. Don’t try too
hard to make friends. Don’t politely smile and laugh when you should. Let your
wit burn through. Apply for 5 jobs every day. Don't take rejections so badly.
Focus on school. Cry only in your room. Cry after midnight so no suspicions
arise. Or in the afternoon when no one is home. Or in an empty parking lot.
Don’t curse the people who park right by your car. They don’t know that you want
to disappear. Let them eat their burger. Wait it out. Let the good days come and
pass. Don’t look in the mirror for too long. Don’t tell mum anything ever again.
She is not capable of understanding. She doesn’t deserve the disappointment. Or
the pressure. Go to Europe in July. Smile at people. Swim in a river like you've
always wanted to. Don’t be too disappointed. If these rules continue to fail
you, buy some rope. Find a tree. Don’t do it at home. Don’t fail. Depressed,
have intermittent bowel pains and feel extremely anxious when I go outside. I
had thought taking a vacation would make things better but apparently not. I can
hardly drive to work. I'm going to the bathroom all the time. I feel like a
failure to my son. How am I supposed to take him places now? I've already been
to the doctor for my belly and a therapist for my depression. They don't know
what's wrong and didn't give me any medication or anything. I appreciate whoever
takes the time to read this and appreciate any feedback as I need help. I’m a 24
year old female and I don’t know what is wrong with me. I’m really starting to
hate myself as I have made so many mistakes in my life. A few years ago I was
addicted to marijuana, I’ve been clean almost a year now. I’ve also expiremented
with the drug ice a number of times. Have not touched it in months only did it a
number of times socially. I have basically betrayed most of my friends. I’ve
slept with three of my friends boyfriends, one of my friends was even pregnant
at the time! it’s like I didn’t think about the consequences or the persons
involved. I’ve cheated in every relationship I’ve had. I’ve also taken out a
\$5,000 loan not for me but for a guy that I was seeing to help him out. He
hasn’t paid me back and we are no longer seeing each other as he used me. I
can’t save money and I’m in debt even though I live at home with Mum and dad. I
do things rationally. Every day when I wake up it’s a struggle. Nothing excites
me.  I used to love drawing, go out and exercise but nothing excites me anymore.
I look at myself in the mirror and just cry as I hate the person I have become.
I’ve hurt so many people and torn apart relationships, it’s shameful because
word gets around about me and I’m left with nobody but myself. I’m sitting here
even feeling nauseous and shakes typing this. I don’t know what to do anymore.
I've found that when I am alone for long periods of time (like spring or winter
break and sometimes the weekends) all my 'symptoms' get 10x worse. During winter
break (3 weeks off) and thanksgiving break (1 week off) I felt awful. During
winter break I kept considering suicide and for the rest of January and part of
February it felt like I couldn't enjoy life anymore. It felt like there was no
point in doing anything. When I'm in the shower and I don't have the constant
distraction that is my tablet, all I can think about is negative things.
Although during school, I don't feel quite as bad. (Although my negative
feelings still do persist) I guess it's because I don't have the time to sink
into sadness and self hatred. Or it's because I often think how pathetic I'm
being since everyone at school is doing just fine but I am the only one who
can't control their emotions.  With spring and summer break coming up, I don't
want to get worse. Right now I'm in a fairly good place to start talking to
people about what's been going on and to (hopefully) find ways get better. Does
anyone have any tips for dealing with times like these? I would also like to
know if this is normal (to get worse if you are alone). Thanks. I'm not
expecting much if anything from this but it doesn't seem like I have anywhere
else to turn to. I've been dealing with depression and anxiety for a very long
time, probably since I could remember, but haven't told anyone. Recently it's
gotten very difficult to manage so I began to write what I was thinking down. I
thought if I did that the thoughts become real, and i may be able to find a
solution instead of letting them fester in my mind. But its only helped a
little, as I haven't been able to have much success. Here are my notes from the
past few months: thank you for your time. Any input would be appreciated. Good
or bad just please be honest. I'm honestly feeling pretty freaking hopeless at
this point.i have suffered another depression relapse after 2.5 years in
remission what the hell. i don't like talking about my feelings because i want
my friends to feel they can come to me with anything and not worry about adding
on my to load of stress. which is why i joined this site, so i could talk about
how i feel and not have to have those worries. i haven't really told any of my
friends or family what's been going on at school but i'm kind of at my witts end
and need to let it out.  i started to get close with one of my guy friends (who
we'll call caden). he had a girlfriend at the time until he had to move in two
weeks. his girlfriend (who we'll call kate) broke up with him due to him moving
in such a short time. he was pretty upset, i remember him sitting in my living
room with me crying. he was always there for me so i was obviously there for
him. well fast forward a week and we ended up catching feelings a week before he
was supposed to move four hours away. he ended up seeing each other up until the
day he moved. after he moved we both agreed we were going to cut things off
because we didn't want to make each other go through a long distance
relationship. a few weeks after he moved he started talking to kate again and
soon enough they were dating. while they were dating kate started to get super
touchy and flirty with a few guys at our school. so me and a mutual friend of
ours were talking about it when she said i should bring it up to one of cadens
friend. so i did. kate ended up figuring out i was the one who talked to cadens
friend. after that her and our at the time mutual friend started saying i broke
kate and caden up, i used him as a way to say 'screw you' to her, etc. so i
started to get a bunch of hate and people were even cutting me off because of
it. it's been a few months and it's still happening, in the meantime the lovely
couple broke up. whenever i walk in to school i feel like i have to watch my
back because someone's going to laugh at me, glare me down, trip me, make it so
i make a fool of myself, etc. i've missed about 10-13 days of school because i
was so nervous to go to school i threw up. at one point i started to think that
i deserve(d) what's happening to me but i soon grew out of that thought. now i'm
just kind of numb and want it to stop. i just want it all to stop Hello, this is
my first time ever using social media to express my present existence and I am a
little nervous to begin with, but its easier to type it than talk it I guess.

Every day I wake...sometimes at 4am and sometimes anytime up to 6pm and most of
my dreaming world and waking world are thoughts of the past, present and future
(my three ghosts) I have been unable to shake off the uselessness of my
existence and the knowledge that I am a burden on society and do not contribute
in any useful manner. I have not worked for two years now and not because I
don't want to...I just can't. I have a fear of who and what I shall be working
with. Does it have any worth? Does it have meaning? Will it make me happy?

I am a highly (or was) creative person and very practical in all things I put my
energy into but unfortunately the muses have abandoned me and you will most days
find me standing at my window with frustration and a nervous tension in my body.
I find these feeling go round and round till I just give up and sit and watch
TV, which does not help my situation...a catch 22 situation.

I also spend most of my time indoors. I used to like walking and visiting
places, traveling abroad and seeing historical sites. Two years ago I was
traveling around Europe. Venice, Rome, Tuscany and Barcelona and it was
beautiful and a dream to experience but, I was alone. While I was sat in the
Sagrada Familia (unfinished cathedral) Barcelona I began to cry and I couldn't
stop. I was so embarrassed I tried to hide myself. I wasn't crying at the beauty
of the place, I was crying because I was alone and no-one to share this
fantastic journey with.

In my past I chose friends very poorly. My hedonism ruled my life thinking that
clothes, sex and drugs were the answer and I found that the people that come
with this are shallow, false and treacherous. I made no solid friends there and
the good positive people that enter my life I ignored and dropped.

Life was very cheap then and the cost to my soul is now in effect. I am alone.

I have cut out any association with any form of that life and now crave
substance and compassion in people. I avoid loud, hurtful and judgemental people
as much as I can but by doing this I have isolated myself in my cocoon, my home.

The funny thing is I am in between loneliness and company. I don't want either,
or more to the fact I fear both.

Turning a 45 male this year has now added to my anxieties and depression. Who am
I now and where am I going. Can I make anything of my life with any meaning? My
mother had a heart attack this year and this forced me to question my mortality.
I started to think about death and yes I do think about taking my own life every
day for the last two years. I can assure you I will not, for as much as it would
be easier for me to check early I could not do that to my family. I fear what
this would do to my Mother and Sister but I cannot help think about it every
day.

In summary I think about oblivion every day...a void of existence. Whats the
point? I have heart full of emotion and a mind wanting to explode with ideas,
fears, monsters and doubt. Haunted by the past, troubled by the present and
fearful of the future and none of it really matters.

"The maddening of these thoughts"

I don't want to be in this existence, stuck in my home, frustrated with myself
and the world. I am seeking help and have sort help. Each time has been a
failure on the part of the councillor or therapist. I tried group therapy and
that was awful and the assistant humiliated me in front of everyone which buried
me further down in depression. I did receive and apology from the head therapist
but the damage was done. I now have a new therapist next year in January so
fingers crossed they can help me rediscover myself and banish the demons.

I sure I have lots more to tell but this is long enough and I must admit it
feels a little lighter in my soul typing this.

Thank you for the opportunity and to all other living this existence may love
and kindness be with you. I deserve to die. And after reading this you will
agree. I have done a lot of bad things in life but these two things make me a
monster. I don’t get any sleep anymore because of it. The guilt eats me alive.
The only reason I haven’t killed myself yet is because I’m a coward. The irony
of it all is I’m a compassionate person. I can’t even believe the things I’ve
done. I guess I’ll start with a backstory. I’ll try to make it short. But I know
none of it justifies my actions.

I grew up with very strict, religious parents. They homeschooled me the majority
of my life and I never fit in because I wasn’t allowed to do alot of things like
other kids. I spent a lot of time isolated and crying because I was alone.
Anyways I had a lot of resentment towards my parents and just my life in
general. I hated myself.

Now here’s the bad part. The terrible things I’ve done. When I was around 13 or
14 I convinced my parents to let me get a puppy (a girl on our street was giving
them away) but for some insane reason—it’s so hard to even type this—I abused
the dog. I would lock him in the closet or drop him from high places. One day I
just threw him to the ground. So hard he fell down the stairs and fell off. He
ended up getting a small wound. I lied to my parents and said he fell by
himself. We ended up having to give him away because my mom was allergic, but I
didn’t resist, I knew it was a good thing. I didn’t deserve him. I was so
unhappy that I actually abused a dog. I guess I felt that if my parents could
ruin my life, I could ruin his. I’m a monster. The only thing worse than a
murderer is someone who abuses. Thinking about it doesn’t even feel like me, it
seems like some possessed person. But I deserve to die for this. And I will hurt
myself everyday until kill myself.

As if that weren’t enough I’ve done another unspeakable thing. Remember how I
said I didn’t get out very much? Well the only people I was around were
basically my siblings. So all that teenage experimentation you usually do with
your boyfriend in high school....I did...with my sister. Yep I’m officially
guilty of incest. Someone just kill me already.

I’d never do these things again. I don’t think there’s a more regretful person
on this planet besides me. But the thought of them makes me sick to my core. The
fact I did this makes me wanna blow my brains out. I deserve to die. I need to
die I need to die I need to die I need to die I need to die I need to die I need
to die I need to die I don't know how I'd ever say any of this to any person in
real life, they'd probably think I'm either crazy or lying, and I know how hard
some people have it in life, I don't mean to try and say my life is the worst, I
know it can always be worse.. That being said I really need to say some things
and I don't really know of a more supportive community on Reddit
then r/depression so maybe making this will help, who knows, who cares, it
honestly doesn't matter that much. I've had depression for my entire life it
seems, I can't remember a time when I haven't felt this way but I know my state
is depression because it's gotten worse over the years. I'm not going into great
detail because no one wants to read that, not even I do so I'll keep my memories
brief. My first memory was my dad firing a gun, I remember the flash, bang, and
ringing in my ears. Then my childhood seemed normal. Then my dad molested me.
Then my childhood seemed normal but he felt off and I was sad but didn't know
why. Then my dad raped my sister and made me watch. Then my childhood seemed
normal but I felt differently detached and life seemed less living. Then my dad
made me suck my brothers penis. Then my childhood seemed normal but I felt
guilty. Then I got beaten by my dad. Then I my childhood seemed normal but by
then I was in the darkness, I'm still searching for the light. I wish I hadn't
been so young, I wish I had known how to fight back, how to tell, how to scream
out for help, how to face evil and scream out to the world that I had seen evil.
But I never said anything, I didn't know any better but knew these things were
wrong. After these things in the short period of time they occurred I was
overwhelmed. I lived my life, I grew up, I went to school and did the normal
things people do to be normal. I acted fine around everyone and maybe sometimes
I believed I could fit in. But I never opened up, I was never vulnerable to
others so I spent my life isolated besides the regular small friendgroup and
school. I missed out on a lot of what would constitute as normal experience
because of that, wish I hadn't been so isolated both in my shell of human
interaction and my literal isolation and coping through addiction with boring
things like the Internet, video games, books. Some things I've loved, maybe
nature and close family. I've failed at the times I've tried college, I've
failed at the jobs I've had, I always quit all of them. I could never stick
anything out and keep going, they all seemed so meaningless, where was it
leading anyways. I don't know what to do now, if I don't do anything soon I'll
be homeless, I just want to fucking be loved in this meaningless life. It's all
so dumb, I know all my flaws, I want to fix them, I have some strengths and I
try to hone them, but I always give up because there is no point anyway so why
even try. In this nihilistic world all meaning is created and I just want to
create enough meaning in my life so my life is worth something and worth living.
How the fuck will I ever be able to do that if all I can do is lay in my bed
hoping I could live, hoping I don't lose that hope, clinging on for those I know
wouldn't go on if I were gone. I'm staying around, I just don't know why I'm
still in this darkness, I want out of this darkness. It's all I've ever felt and
I despise it. I've spent so long learning stupid philosophy because maybe others
can find meaning, I'm just a stupid ape with no talent to give to this corrupt
society. I'm truly lost. I can see my mind but I can't see how to do to live, or
what to even do, I know others suffer but how can I help them if I'm still such
a husk. I'm sorry for ranting and rambling for so long, I hope I didn't break
any subreddit rules in this post. I'm still here, and I'm still going to live.
Hopefully this wall of text doesn't add to the misery of the world, I just
wanted to shout into the abyss for once and hope someone listened. Thank you for
reading if you read this far, I guess I won't delete this, I don't really know
what I'm expecting by posting this, I just hope someone understands when all I
see when I write this is just stupid whining, maybe it's more then that, maybe
it meant something, or maybe it's all just meaningless. Either way, hope you
enjoyed the read, I wish I could say some words to help you if you're in the
darkness like I am, all I can say is just keep living, death is the only
garuntee so stick around and see what shit life throws your way, believe me,
humans are stronger then we think, maybe. Sidenote-sorry for any typos, I'm not
going to fix them right now, or probably ever because I don't want to edit this
post, thanks for reading again if you did.
